I do not dare to finance
especially the study and yours is
of yours
my dad bit me
how did you feel in this first program
live
the east not waiting for offended and
I said I saw it when it was
look at me, then I felt really good
I hope I sat down I'm missing I think a
month and a half more or less to already have a
my baby here then I hope you guys
attend well and I have time because it is
because I do not turn on the TV is not
fun but what you do not know
is that we have new member another
maybe to go back
and he wants to bring his class team together
now if you want to know ladies and gentlemen
nothing else who abuses his authority
as when by stepping on the prescribed
but then not
a point
and tomorrow he imagines it
goodbye
and has a good time